添加多人对战文档 (#641)
taptap/tds-docs: i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/sdk/multiplayer/client-engine/first-game-node.mdx

  ......

  /**
   * Calculate the winner based on the player's choices
   * @return returns the winning Player, or null for a tie
   */
  private getWinner([player1Choice, player2Choice]: number[]) {
    if (player1Choice === player2Choice) { return null; }
    if (wins[player1Choice] === player2Choice) { return this.players[0]; }
    return this.players[1];
  }
}
```

The client receives the MasterClient broadcast end event and then displays the corresponding result on the interface. Here the basic logic has been developed, you can run the project, open the two pages, and happily start your own battle with yourself.

### Leaving the room

When all the clients leave the room, `GameManager` will help us to destroy the empty room, so we don't need to write this part of code in our game.

### RxJS

When you look at the sample demo, you will see that the code is a bit more compact compared to the code in this document, because the sample demo uses RxJS. If you are interested, you can study the [RxJS](https://rxjs-dev.firebaseapp.com/) and the [API documentation](https://rxjs-dev.firebaseapp.com/api) of the related interfaces by yourself.

## Development Guide

> After you have developed the guessing game step by step according to the instructions in this document, you must have a preliminary feeling about the Client Engine SDK and the initial project, then you can refer to the [Client Engine Developer's Guide](/sdk/multiplayer/client-engine/guide-node/) for a more in-depth You can refer to the.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have developed the guessing game step by step according to the instructions in this document, you must have a preliminary feeling about the Client Engine SDK and the initial project. Now you can refer to the [Client Engine Developer's Guide](/sdk/multiplayer/client-engine/guide-node/) to learn more about the structure and usage of Client Engine.
```
